Thank you! We have eradicated
every last obstacle from our capsule
Our family has achieved perfection
We came here because
we share a common mindset
We have a common work rhythm
And each of us has
our place
And we love our place because
it gives us meaning
Modern people have
lost their footing
They have created unrealistic,
individual ideals for themselves
And they tear themselves apart because of it
But these ideals never come true because
they are unrealistic and exaggerated
They live in their
self-created hells
Where they are never good enough
or valuable enough
But we, defenders of traditional values
Don't make that mistake.
Maintaining faith and
a clear conscience
Which some have turned away from
And their faith ship
has sunk
We are better than them.
That's a fact!
We are invincible because each of us
in this clan has their role!
We know that the secret to true happiness
is submitting to your role
A child submits to their parent.
A woman submits to her husband
An employee submits to their boss
We are like a fist!
And they envy us
They want to get under our skin
They threaten us!
They want to rob us!
But we won't be swayed
from our path
We don't believe in false teachings
Fads like
toxic feminism
Fake liberalism,
globalist propaganda
We won't succumb
to a slave mentality
Our message to all those
in the opposing trenches is crystal clear:
Fads will die out anyway!
The future belongs to
traditions!